Implement info controller for getting build versions across stack (#3308)
tenstorrent/tt-inference-server: tt-media-server/cpp_server/CLAUDE.md

- `POST /v1/embeddings` - Text embeddings (embedding mode only)
- `GET /health` - Health check
- `GET /tt-liveness` - Liveness check with detailed system status
- `GET /info` - Build identity (tt-inference-server version + commit, tt-blaze commit, tt-metal commit)
- `GET /docs` - Swagger UI documentation
- `GET /openapi.json` - OpenAPI specification

> All endpoints except health/tt-liveness/info/docs require Bearer token authentication.

Reviewer: These 2 are combined into single endpoint currently:

```suggestion
Bearer token authentication is required for all endpoints, with the following exceptions: /health, /tt-liveness, /info, and /docs.
```
